Add ABI note about small return types (#94987)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/coreclr/botr/clr-abi.md

*Normal PInvoke* - The VM shares IL stubs based on signatures, but wants the right method to show up in call stack and exceptions, so the MethodDesc for the exact PInvoke is passed in the (x86) `EAX` / (AMD64) `R10` / (ARM, ARM64) `R12` (in the JIT: `REG_SECRET_STUB_PARAM`). Then in the IL stub, when the JIT gets `CORJIT_FLG_PUBLISH_SECRET_PARAM`, it must move the register into a compiler temp. The value is returned for the intrinsic `NI_System_StubHelpers_GetStubContext`.

> ## x86 and AMD64 only: Small primitive returns
> 
> Primitive value types smaller than 32-bits must be zero-extended or sign-extended to 32-bits. This is different from standard calling convention that leaves the state of unused bits in the value returned in `EAX`/`RAX` undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Small primitive returns

Primitive value types smaller than 32-bits are normalized to 32-bits: signed small types are sign extended and unsigned small types are zero extended. This can be different from the standard calling conventions that may leave the state of unused bits in the return register undefined.
```

This is also different on arm64.
